
   AITA for denying an older woman shelter from a storm?


   AITA for ignoring my ILs when they don't use my actual name?


   AITA for tattling on how my cousin died?


   AITA for breaking my sister’s engagement?


   AITA for not going to my brother and now SIL’s Wedding and for calling my SIL a fat bitch?


   AITA for telling my half brother the reason why my mom wants nothing to do with him?


   AITA for being loud at a campsite with Boy Scout neighbors?


   AITA For moving back into my apartment after my fiance gave up my space in her house


   AITA want stepdaughter to pay to replace dishes


   AITA for suggesting my wife drive herself to and from the airport so my kids and I can enjoy Independence Day festivities?


   AITA for not giving the mother of my dead husband's child his possessions?


   AITA for not wanting my girlfriend to repay her school loans to her parents?


   AITA for telling my parents to get divorced in the middle of an airport?


   AITA for asking someone to silence their phone at a restaurant


   AITA UPDATE aita for not going to my sister's wedding


   AITA for yelling at a family friend for walking in on me changing with the door open?


   WIBTA if I reported the previous tenant who lived in my apartment because he keeps coming back? It’s been 5 months.


   WIBTA if I keep my roommates emotional support dog from him


   AITA for explaining my dog is a real service dog?


   AITA for telling my (25f) partner (26m) he still needs to move out after news he received


   AITA for reporting a mother and her glitter monster to a flight attendant?


   AITA for telling my friend that her boyfriend was checking me out just to spite her?


   AITA for having a drink on the way to a funeral?


   AITA because I threw away my girlfriend's gifts to me?


   AITA for yelling at my (F27) wife for taking our two young kids into poor air quality after she was warned not to?


   AITA for accidentally killing my roommate's fish


   AITA for trying to deplane my family together?


   AITA for telling my sick dad to go ask his step kids for help


   AITA for 'ruining the vacation' and casuing a scene over something so small ?


   AITA for asking my husband to delete his ex off his Facebook


   AITA for arranging to rehome our dog after an attack?


   AITA for not wanting to let my kids see my sister?


   AITA for telling my friend she's too basic to be a model


   AITA for wanting to go to my sister's wedding?


   AITA for taking a Bluetooth speaker with me when I camp?


   AITA for wanting to bulk up our savings instead of my husband buying his dream car for the track?


   AITA For putting realistic fake spiders all over my room to stop my cousins from barging in?


   AITA for making my fiancée cut down on her guest list?


   AITA for my gf not knowing about the Russia invasion?


   AITA My best friend picked her wedding date on the one date I couldn't do


   AITA for asking a dad about his kids?


   AITA for \questioning\ a nurse's ability?


   AITA for not helping my mom entertain my grandma?


   AITA for telling my cousin she’s not welcome on the family trip if she doesn’t follow our basic rules?


   AITA for telling my oldest daughter that my youngest will still inherit her grandmothers ring when she turns 18?


   AITA for making a rude comment to my SIL after she kept subtly saying I wasn’t a mother?


   AITA for telling my husband he didn't plan anything?


   AITA For being rude after my parent's friend invited herself on my birthday trip?


   AITA for moving up my resignation because my psychiatrist strongly advised me to?


   AITA for not letting my parents visit my son for a month after he was born


   AITA for telling my brother and his girlfriend to be quiet during sex?


   AITA for trading my fiancé’s lunches for rides to work?


   AITA for telling someone i'm not friendly when their dog came up to me


   AITA for excluding my parents from Japan?


   AITA for slamming the door on my dad's face when he tried to put his clothes away and almost breaking his foot?


   AITA for wanting to block my brother for constantly breaking boundaries


   AITA For Not Letting My Sister Walk Down The Aisle At My Wedding


   AITA for giving my little sister condoms?


   AITA for allowing my daughter to use “ungodly language” in my house?


   AITA for not inviting my friends husband to my birthday party?


   AITA for kicking my friend out of the car after we almost crashed?


   AITA for thinking I don’t owe my ex money?


   AITA for not wanting to attend a party thrown the day of my wedding shower


   AITA for asking my husband to not do a Tattoo?


   AITA for asking my bf to let me do the parenting?


   AITA for not taking care of my autistic nephew?


   AITA for not talking my young children To visit my mother more.


   AITA for not wanting my MIL to be in my delivery room??


   AITA for refusing to meet up with my dad to talk?


   AITA for snapping at my camp counselor after she refused to move us inside despite a code red because of air quality.


   WIBTA To Shame Go-Fund-Me Friend on Spending Spree?


   AITA for refusing to acknowledge his family’s birthdays?


   Update: AITA for leaving a note on my neighbor’s doorstep about his screaming children?


   AITA for not accepting my brother and sister's relationship?


   AITA for making sure a crying child left alone in a car was okay?


   AITA for joking about my dog sharing her name with my cousin's new girlfriend and then refusing to change it?


   AITA for considering a breakup over gluttony


   WIBTA if I cancelled on my family vacation two weeks before because I’m doing poorly at work?


   AITA for wanting to pay for only my portion and the birthday girl’s portion of the meal?


   AITA for telling my daughter I still love my ex-wife?


   AITA for discriminating to try to correct discrimination?


   AITA for telling my friend she’s white?


   AITA for not wanted my disabled sibling at my quinceañera?


   WIBTA if I Pranked my coworkers who keep asking my ethnicity?


   AITA for not letting my husband drive my car anymore?


   AITA for telling my roommate that his girlfriend can’t stay over for 3 nights in a row every month?


   AITA for saying I beat cancer?


   WIBTA if I “kicked an old lady out of her house” after I buy it?


   AITA for trying to take my gf’s mom to the airport 3 hours before her departure?


   AITA for telling my girlfriend's friend she has to either sit on the porch or not come over as often because of her dog affecting my cats?


   AITA for allowing my brother to be homeless?


   AITA For not telling my in-laws about a past job?


   AITA for kicking my sister out of my partner's bday party?


   AITA for being upset about my mom wanting her bf to move in?


   AITA for refusing to resign a lease with my girlfriend because of her dogs?


   AITA for telling my mom and stepdad I don’t wanna get kicked out of my room on my birthday?


   AITA for naming my son the same name as my BIL


   AITA for wanting to go on vacation before attending BIL's wedding


   AITA for not allowing my gf to post my pics on social media?


   AITA for replacing the expensive gourmet toffee with bulk toffee from Costco for my teenage son?


   AITA for thinking I am entitled to inheritance while being NC


   AITA for not wanting to pay extra to sit next to my boyfriend on a flight?


   AITA for reneging on my promise to give my old roommate a place to stay?


   AITA for playing a prank on my boyfriend with my twin brother?


   AITA for doubting my girlfriend ability to do her job?


   AITA for moving and not telling my ex?


   AITA for taking offense to my FSIL's concerns?


   AITA for allowing my Baby mother parents in my daughters life


   AITA for telling my stepmother and stepsister not to ask questions they don't want to hear the answers to during a therapy session?


   AITA for using my friends too much?


   WIBTA if I gave this heads-up about my party?


   AITA for calling my mom out on being a hypocrite at our vacation rental?


   AITA for refusing to attend the wedding because I wasn't invited to the proposal (even though I wouldn't have been able to attend it anyway)?


   AITA to monitor my husband’s drinking?


   AITA for not wanting to wear flip-lops into work?


   AITA for calling out a Karen in a restaurant I don’t work at?


   AITA for not offering to help cook at my brother in laws 43rd birthday party?


   AITA for not donating to a coworker's wedding gift?


   AITA for misusing one of my birthday gifts?


   AITA my boyfriend says I’m selfish


   AITA for telling my husband he has to apologize to my mother and that I believe her?


   AITA for forgetting my friends birthday


   AITA for respecting my ex-uncle's wishes when it came to his daughter?


   AITA for not 100% helping a family stuck on a mountain road?


   AITA for not reaching out to my diseased husband's family?


   AITA - Wedding Edition - Grandmas White Dress


   AITA for dropping out of my sisters wedding and ignoring my family?


   AITA for ‘stealing from homeless people’?


   AITA For giving my neighbor a business card for a computer coach after she demanded I teach her how to use her computer.


   AITA for giving my nephew a dog treat?


   AITA for believing my bf’s landlord over him?


   AITA for not wanting my brother and my best friend to date?


   AITA for not wanting to pay my parents rent?


   AITA for not letting my dad re-propose to my mom on my wedding day


   AITA for not picking up all the leaves a tree in my yard drops?


   AITA for not grocery shopping for my mom?


   AITA for calling my boyfriend my ex’s name?


   AITA For requesting my wife pay me back for our rent?


   AITA for leaving a Family Event with my son?


   AITA for only looking at possible vacation rentals with extra bedrooms despite it “not being a big deal”?


   AITA for not letting my 17 yo take my truck to work?


   AITA for not staying up to check my gf’s uber


   AITA for running over the kids’ plant garden several times?


   AITAH for telling on my sister?


   AITA for not wanting to take my brother to the F1 race in Las Vegas later this year.


   AITA for getting a tattoo without my dad’s permission


   WIBTA to make my son pay back rent


   WIBTA For letting my friend's husband know she had an emotional affair before they get divorced?


   AITA for not listening to my 10 year old's objections to my Halloween costume?


   WIBTA for forcing my son to pay rent/get a job?


   AITA for throwing out an almost full portion of chips and saying nothing?


   AITA for making a report about a staff’s behaviour?


   AITA for not letting a kid play badminton with us?


   AITA For not wanting to go to my mom’s 4th of july party


   AITA for not asking permission for my kids’ boyfriend to come to Christmas.


   AITA for asking my wife to wear pants?


   AITA for ordering food for my gf without asking what she wants


   AITA not using gifts because the giver makes me uncomfortable


   AITA For refusing my mom to take my money?


   WIBTA if I confronted my cheap friend?


   AITA for being mad at my parents for visiting me on my birthday?


   AITA For Asking A Lot from My Husband?


   AITA for requesting my stepchild doesn’t have sleepovers at our home?


   AITA for \abandoning\ my friend and then sending an intermediary friend to talk to her during a difficult time in her life?


   AITA for refusing to go to the store for my SO?


   AITA If I change my mind about a pet?


   AITA for not helping my mom with my dad?


   AITA for how I reacted?


   WIBTA If I didn’t attend my friends Jack and Jill if I am a bridesmaid?


   AITA for letting my friend know that her bf is dming me


   AITA for telling my sister shes ruining our holiday.


   AITA for not wanting to go on a date with someone because of the amount of makeup they wear?


   WIBTA if I finally told my best friend that she IS actually being a bad friend?


   AITA for defending my cat after he hospitalized my sister?


   AITA for telling guys to stop talking about their exes


   AITA for writing my mom a pretty angry message?


   AITA for not leaving the golf course with my friend?


   AITA for telling my girlfriend to try therapy


   AITA for asking my wife to spend a little more time with my family?


   AITA (or we rather) for not trusting our friend?


   AITA for not proposing to my girlfriend?


   AITA for wanting my boyfriend to go see his family instead of coming to my first pageant.


   AITA For making eye contact with pedestrians


   AITA for uninviting my sister and grandma to my babyshower


   AITA for telling my friend to stop telling me about her toxic relationship?


   AITA for not attending my sister's engaggement


   AITA for not letting someone sleep over


   AITA for moving out of my dad's?


   AITA for snapping at an acquaintance for repeatedly bringing up I matched with her on a dating app?


   AITA for ask my mother to step out the doctor's office?


   AITA for taking my sister prom dress she wore and forgot about (that I bought)


   AITA for rethinking my relationship


   AITA for not listening to my mom about certain stuff?


   AITA for being a control freak about the washing machine?


   AITA plans that never happened


   AITA My friend accidentally damaged my truck


   AITA - Wife asking to invite MIL on vacation


   WIBTA? My wife has a kidney stone that is passable and I have a trip planned for 1 night. WIBTA if I still went on the trip?


   AITA for calling my best friend's new partner shady?


   AITA For not getting my daughter braces?


   AITA for keeping quiet about Dad?


   AITA for not paying my neighbor when he didn't ask?


   AITA for telling my BIL that his competition with my niblings dad is pathetic?


   AITA for being hard on my mom?


   AITA for not allowing my (29F) ex’s (28M) girlfriend to be around our kid?


   WIBTA if I go to my Mom's Funeral


   AITA for not wanting to stay at my boyfriend's place when we're ~45 mins away from each other?


   AITA for not babysitting my niece?


   AITA for almost getting a fight with my sister and dad?


   AITA for mentioning about dish soap to my roomate?


   AITA for fighting with my husband over a recipe?


   AITA or is he just jealous?


   AITA for leaving a vacation early.


   AITA for refusing to cooperate with my sister's friend for her kids' party?


   AITA for not wanting a new iPhone?


   WIBTA if I exclude my half sister and step mom from my wedding?


   AITA for not travelling to a funeral with my cousins?


   AITAH GAMING CLAN DRAMA


   AITA for telling a friend about a conversation I promised another friend I wouldn't talk about?


   AITA For Not Giving My Dogs With Fleas A Bath?


   WIBTA if I declined to be a bridesmaid in a friend's wedding because of another bridesmaid?


   AITA Am I an Asshole for calling my renters an Asshole?


   AITA for getting on my grown niece.


   AITA CLOSING CONFUSION


   AITA for moving out while my mom was in the hospital?


   WIBTA for not inviting my sister's(21F) bf(23M) to my(28F) wedding?


   AITA for not responding to my friend after a pranknhe pulled


   AITA for adding my toxic friends ex boyfriend?


   WIBTA for gifting my ex merch from a show we watched when we dated in front of his girlfriend?


   AITA for telling my landlord about my new roommate’s medical issues?


   AITA for being upset with my housemate for allowing a homeless man into our home?


   WIBTA For letting my ex friend know ab his wife's inappropriate behavior towards my husband?


   AITA for blocking my MIL from seeing my social media posts?


   AITA - My cats friend


   AITA For not having an interest in business?


   AITAH for telling my husband I’ll make summer plans without him


   WIBTA for moving out of my dad’s house bc he threatened to cut my door in half?


   AITA for not using the ‘home gym’ my girlfriend made for me?


   AITA for not picking up my sister’s book along with mine from the counter after we purchased them?


   AITA if I crashed a party I wasn’t invited to?


   AITA for telling my mom to keep her dogs away from me or I'm moving out?


   AITA for asking my roommate to move out?


   AITA for not helping my friend get a job?


   AITA for suggesting I take my aunts pet?


   AITA for uninviting my friend to stay with me because she has bad diahhrea?


   WIBTA if I reported my workplace for safety violations?


   AITA revealing my coworkers past


   AITA for arguing with my brother in law and demeaning him in front of his family


   AITA for projectile shitting at goodwill and not wanting to clean up the mess?


   AITA for asking my ex to drop the guy she cheated on me with?


   AITA for being hesitant to allow my wife to travel alone with our toddler


   WIBTA if I make my roommate pay because he drank all the alcohol in the house?


   WIBTA If I keep my friendship with a married man?


   AITA For not replacing a present we had to return?


   AITA for getting upset at having to pick up my bf from his job.


   AITA for not stopping everything to go comfort my BF after he got bad news?


   AITA for still working despite concerns?


   AITA Waterhouse battle (not a story writer sorry for the bad writing)


   AITA for refusing to let my sister-in-laws see my recently hospitalized husband?


   AITA For leaving my friends to do something I wanted to do on a Friends Trip


   AITA for not wanting to invite my sister to my wedding?


   AITA for ignoring my friends after work


   AITA for refusing to let this specific veterinarian look at my cat?


   AITAH for not rekindling me and my dad’s relationship?


   WIBTA if I bought a throwaway ticket to a sporting event?


   AITA for wanting my boyfriend to exercise more


   AITA for not asking my mom if she wants food?


   AITA for growing out my beard even tho my wife tells me she doesn’t like it?


   AITA for asking my husband to work more than part-time?


   AITA for not giving my step daughter my daughters birthday gifts


   AITA for not wanting to babysit while I have morning sickness?


   AITA for not wanting my girlfriend to sing on her ex-girlfriend’s funeral?


   AITA for not wanting to give the cat back


   AITA for wanting matching tattoos with my male bestfriend


   AITA for being upset for having to babysit on my birthday


   AITA for telling my mom i do not want a relationship with her?


   AITA for repeatedly moving someone’s laundry out of the dryer


   WIBTA for putting up a flyer about bad kids in the neighborhood


   WIBTA if I told my ex-best friend how I really feel?


   AITA for wanting to be paid for babysitting my siblings?


   AITA for cutting out my rich family that stole my fathers birthright. *LONG* but bear with me.


   AITA for getting mad at my friend when she said she gave her phone to her best friend’s boyfriend


   AITA for uninviting my sister to my wedding


   AITA for not letting a friend perform


   AITA FOR KICKING MY MIL OUT?


   AITA for telling my friend to shut up about our weight?


   WIBTA for not attending a friends full bachelorette because of how expensive it is


   AITA for not answering the door?


   WIBTA for banning my adult children from the kitchen?


   AITA for saying \Thank you but...?\


   WIBTA if I told my coworker I don’t want to study with her anymore?


   AITA for telling my boss to go help my client clean her apartment instead of me


   AITA for being upset over my boyfriends vacation decision


   AITA for thinking my brother should have gone to bat for me/disregarded my feelings


   AITA for trying to mend the relationship between my fiancee and his siblings?


   AITA for asking my boyfriend if a friend could come along to the movies?


   AITA for going on a trip with my friends ex college hookup?


   AITA for not picking up the phone when my husband's friends and family call me?


   AITA for \changing the rules\ with my boyfriend?


   AITA for not making an exception for my sister’s kids to come to my adult only wedding?


   AITA For yelling at my parents aunts and kicking my cousin out of my room because I got me?


   AITA for refusing to be around my grandmother after the comments she made about my mom and me?


   AITA for not meeting with my friend on his birthday day because my boyfriend is leaving the country?


   AITA for getting upset about my Birthday to my BF


   AITA for throwing away some of my old things that mean a lot to my husband?


   AITA for attacking/not defending my girlfriend in a social game ?


   AITA for not listening to my parents?


   AITA for feeling so conflicted on my(19F) boyfriend(20M) being away for so long?


   WIBTAH If I sent a letter to my former friend group?


   AITA - Asking boyfriend to find a new job?


   AITA for acting petty after my friends bailed on me?


   AITA for taking calls in a shared kitchen


   AITA? Shopping etiquette at your local tj maxx


   AITA for being mad at my friend for not picking up?


   AITA for calling out my \friends\


   AITA for not seeing my brother while he is in town?


   AITA for not calling my dad on his birthday?


   AITA for not moving in with my friend?


   AITA for basically calling my dad a man child?


   AITA for shouting at my mom and calling her a b****?


   AITA for making a lot of maintenance requests and asking the maintenance person to let me know when theyll be able to drop by?


   AITA for not going to a chronically ill friend's wedding


   AITA for not going to the hospital with gf for her grandma?


   AITA for getting a girl in my class in trouble because of her attempt at educating me?


   AITA for letting my nephew eat a sealed candy bar he found on the ground?


   AITA - Friendship On Hold


   AITA for carrying on an argument for three days?


   AITA for telling my dad I think he's not trying hard enough to sell his business?


   AITA for wanting to know what my sister thinks about LGBT individuals


   AITA for getting triggered about my sisters Eating Disorder?


   AITA for being distracted?


   AITA for hanging out with my friends less?


   AITA for backing out of being a bridesmaid


   AITA for making unnecessary purchases?


   AITA for ignoring the neighbor kid?


   WIBTA if I don’t go on family trip after it’s already been paid for?


   AITA if I don’t help someone after being hacked?


   AITA for saying this to a 7 year old?


   AITA for refusing to buy food for the 4th of july


   AITA for not going to my best friend birthday party tomorrow?


   AITA for not give a ride


   WIBTA If I spoke to my neighbors about his new flag


   AITA got my friend grounded for 2-5 months


   AITA for blowing up at my mom because of my health records?


   AITA for not agreeing on how my parents want to handle finances?


   AITA for being honest about how my kid (17F) got her name?


   AITA for simply stating my opinion on the topic


   AITA for crying because of my boyfriend


   AITA for telling someone everyone else is getting it right?


   AITA for asking my friend for my share of the deposit back?


   AITA for yelling at the kid at the playground?


   AITA for giving a comeback to my friend?


   AITA for requesting a curfew for minors for the pool at a hotel


   AITA For not wanting to go on vacation with In-Law


   AITA: Wife paid $40 for a pair of track pants that I didn't ask for. AITA for wanting to return them?


   AITA for banning my mom from buying any more animals?


   AITA for not going to tennis with my mom


   AITA for not visiting my boyfriends family during the holidays since flights are so expensive?


   AITA for not letting my friend stay with me for 9 days?


   AITA for not telling my coworkers that the new hire is my girlfriend?


   AITA for planning a trip with my mom without inviting my sister?


   AITA for calling out my ex (gf at the time) on her financial double standard?


   AITA for being upset with the things my mom and step dad do and say?


   AITA for asking my dad to give me the scholarship money and him not keep it despite him paying my tuition?


   AITA for wanting to defend my father?


   AITA for snapping a girl my friend is interested in?


   AITA not refusing to let my mom or sister touch my television if I'm in the same room?


   AITA for only giving one roommate a rental discount during the pandemic?


   AITA Because i initially told my Girlfriend that i am not picking up the trash her sisters Dog caused?


   AITA for kicking out my bridesmaid for wearing a revealing dress at my wedding?


   AITA for telling my mom — who needs a place to stay — that she is always welcome but because I’m afraid of her dog it will need to stay somewhere else?


   WIBTA if I see other people?


   AITA for not wanting to spend time at my boyfriend’s place because I feel like his sister who is also his recent roommate is passive aggressive and dismissive of me?


   AITA for having a panic attack because I didn't want to be publicly displayed making mistakes?


   AITA for asking my in-laws to use car seats in our small town?


   AITA for telling my boyfriend i feel more committed than him


   AITA for Not Inviting My Dad to my Husband's Birthday Dinner?


   AITA if i look at my smartwatch right after the deed?


   AITA for giving pedestrians the right of way


   AITA(?) for breaking my dads cologne??


   WIBTA for hiding toilet paper from my dad


   AITA for not going to see my GFs aunt before she dies


   AITA for refusing to pay for the dogs vet bills?


   AITA for gatekeeping a job


   AITA For not remembering where my mom put her meds?


   AITA for hiding money from my mom?


   AITA for blasting my ex sister in law on Facebook?


   AITA for being upset by something my best friend did?


   AITA for throwing out my dog’s poop?


   AITA For Conversing with my ex-husband while in a new relationship?


   AITA for refusing to pick up my SS during work hours?


   AITA for calling out favoritism?


   AITA for getting a piercing without telling my parents?


   AITA for telling my mom she needs to start helping around the house


   AITA for bringing up someone lying on tinder?


   AITA for asking sister to pay transaction fees on $ she owed me?


   WIBTA for sending a nasty and descriptive email to my ultra religious sister-in-law?


   AITA For not wanting to go to my aunts house anymore?


   AITA if I tell my Neighbour to back off my Baby Dad!??


   AITA for confronting my friend about their shitty gift


   AITA for forgetting her fav. Colour and the exact wording of her life goal.


   AITA for not hanging out with my friend?


   AITA for ignoring and making my friend feel bad after a joke?


   AITA for not wanting my mother's friends and relatives to constantly tell me they think she's dying?


   AITA for not letting my partner name our unborn child


   AITA for wanting to change my name?


   AITA; Am i wrong for not wanting my boyfriend to play VR chat?


   WIBTA if I stopped going places with my nieces and nephews?


   AITA for being mad that our Dad brought addicts to our house


   AITA for saying mums sons bio is basically a surrogate


   AITA for “parenting” my brother?


   WIBTA for declining my GF's brother's request to sleep over in our apartment?


   AITA- for expecting more from a man?


   AITA for not inviting my friend to the mall.


   AITA for being mad at my friend because of what she said?


   AITA for refusing to lend my workmate some money for a bus home?


   AITA for being cheap with my roommate about food?


   WIBTA for not sending an eBay sellers item for them?


   WIBTA if i didn’t sell part of my garden to the neighbors.


   AITA for not taking my dog on hikes?


   AITA for not wanting to feed my roommates cat


   AITA helping my friend get new job?


   WIBTAH if I tried asking for a refund after being promised something and not getting it?


   AITA for taking away my mum and stepdad's door in protest?


   WIBTA for not telling my coworker about her husband lying about his schedule and paychecks.


   AITA for not saying happy birthday to my stepmam?


   AITA for telling my MIL her she is a gossip?


   AITA for getting annoyed at my friend?


   AITA for kicking my friend out of my house


   WIBTA to bail on a show for a job interview?


   AITA for being upset about missing this one summer camp?


   AITA for giving my boss two days' notice before being absent?


   AITA for not comforting my girlfriend over me hanging out with my friend?


   AITA for asking my mom how she'll deal with chores without me?


   AITA for telling my niece something she did not want to hear?


   AITA for expecting my bf to take off work on my birthday?


   AITA for telling my family that my mom missed my birthday?


   AITA for backing out of my best friend's bridal party two months before the wedding?


   AITA for yelling at my brother-in-law after he woke me up and told me to make dinner while we were staying at his house?


   AITA for not allowing my mother to call me a derogatory name?


   AITA for telling my sisters stories and sharing photos and videos of our mom?


   AITA for refusing to return home from college after my parents pranked me with a situation involving my cat?


   AITA for revealing the truth about my SO after his death?


   AITA for not watching my nieces and nephews at my house?


   AITA for not letting my SIL add my kids to the chore list?


   AITA for not wanting to play a game my girlfriend created?


   AITA for wanting my brother and his partner gone when they have a newborn baby?


   AITA for not wanting to stay for entire week of SIL's destination wedding


   AITA for telling my mum I can’t look after her dog any more?


   AITA for telling my step brother to fuck off.


   AITA for not feeding my roommate's dog?


   AITA for assuming my friend and I weren’t gaming


   AITA for being a bit “moody” with my mom tonight over a comment made about my weight?


   AITA for not wanting my sisters friend to move in


   AITA for dropping out of my sisters wedding?


   AITA for being upset at what my friend insinuates?


   AITA for asking my friend to rebook the room she had gotten me for the weekend?


   WIBTA if I asked for our Taylor Swift tickets back?


   AITA for bringing up not being paid to help my boyfriend?


   AITA for telling my SIL that I won't be watching their kids.


   AITA for not wanting my SIL to stay at our home to dodge her crazy boyfriend for the safety of our children?


   WIBTA: I want to tell half-sibs truth about their mother


   AITA for not updating my girlfriend?


   WIBTA if I don't want to attend to my boyfriend's heavenly birthday party?


   AITA for telling my friend I'll leave her stranded in Atlanta for being a massive pushover?


   AITA for not inviting my cousin to my wedding?


   AITA for not allowing my friends boyfriend to stay in our wedding Airbnb?


   WIBTAH IF I CUT MY MIL OUT OF MY SONS LIFE?


   AITA for cooking better food than my bf's grandma at their family event


   AITA for getting mad over a harmless prank?


   AITA for telling my grandmother to stop making comments about my weight?


   AITA for calling my mother a sad excuse of a mom


   AITA for prioritizing my finances over my fiancés


   WIBTA for not wanting to go to my managers get together?


   AITA: I did not invite my deceased father's sister to my wedding


   AITA for making my bf's sister cry?


   AITA for wanting to carpool instead of driving separately.


   AITA for stomping on the floor after my neighbor's dog woke me up?


   AITA for wanting to keep a can


   AITA for not wanting to pay part of roommates rent while my boyfriend lives with me?


   AITA for refusing to pay for damages to rental vehicle?


   AITA for telling my friend to stop calling my food gross?


   AITA for telling someone that I don’t care about her ADHD?


   AITA for wanting the bare minimum from my parents?


   AITA for accepting hot chicken wings from my friend into my house with my partner?


   AITA for getting mad at my (25F) boyfriend (26m) for not wanting to post more on social media?


   AITA for not helping my mom comfort my baby sister.


   AITA for kicking my BIL out of my living room permanently?


   AITA for pulling someone's laundry out off the Apts Dryer after waiting 3+ hours for them to get it ?


   AITA for not sharing my inheritance with my sister?


   AITA for reducing my involvement with my friend's daughter?


   AITA For Telling My Boyfriend That I Don't Like His Friends?


   AITA for being mad at my friend celebrating me


   AITA for calling out my roommate?


   AITA for disagreeing with my friend and saying she’s actually the one in the wrong?


   AITA for asking my girlfriend to not take so many photos when we are out together?


   AITA for using potential future grandkids against my MIL-to-be?


   WIBTA if I told my family how I feel about the chores changes?


   AITA for getting annoyed at someone?

