The worst thing about prison was the dementors

 I am Beyoncé, always

 Sometimes I’ll start a sentence, and I don’t even know where it’s going I just hope I find it along the way

 Well, well, well how the turntables

 You all took a life here today You did The life of the party

 Wikipedia is the best thing ever Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject So you know you are getting the best possible information

 I love inside jokes I’d love to be a part of one someday

 I’m not superstitious but I am a little stitious

It never gets old when Michael Scott messes up well-known phrases and adds his own touch to them And no one ever corrects him! It’s hilarious He gets away with a lot on The Office, and his made-up sayings are included

 If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice

 ‘You talkin’ to me? You talkin’ to me?’ Raging Bull, Pacino

 You don’t know me, you’ve just seen my penis

 Mmm Sort of an oaky afterbirth

 And I knew exactly what to do, but in a much more real sense I had no idea what to do

 I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other It’s every parents’ dream

 Ryan’s about to attend the Michael Scott School of Business I’m like Mr Miyagi and Yoda rolled into one

 I declare bankruptcy!

 Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not I like to be liked I enjoy being liked I have to be liked, but it’s not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised

 I’ve got to make sure that YouTube comes down to tape this

 There’s no such thing as an appropriate joke That’s why it’s called a joke

 When the son of the deposed king of Nigeria emails you directly, asking for help, you help! His father ran the freaking country! Ok?

Michael is probably the most gullible character on The Office, along with Erin You could trick him into anything, and his innocence and good intentions is what makes him so redeemable as a character
The Office

 I am going to drop a deuce on everybody

 Number  Learn how to take off a woman’s bra: You just twist your hand until something breaks

 Webster’s Dictionary defines wedding as: The fusing of two metals with a hot torch

 I am running away from my responsibilities And it feels good

 Mini-cupcakes? As in the mini version of regular cupcakes? Which is already a mini version of cake? Honestly, where does it end with you people?

 Saw Inception Or at least I dreamt I did…

 Guess what, I have flaws What are they? Oh, I don’t know I sing in the shower Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering Occasionally I’ll hit somebody with my car So sue me

 Where are the turtles?!

 They’re trying to make me an escape goat

 I’m dead inside

 I don’t hate it I just don’t like it at all and it’s terrible

 There were these huge bins of clothes and everybody was rifling through them like crazy And I grabbed one and it fit! So I don’t think that this is totally just a woman’s suit At the very least it’s bisexual

 Mo’ money, mo’ problems

 This morning I saw a YouTube video with a puppy riding a motorcycle So my bar for stunning is pretty high

 I don’t understand We have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but he didn’t even work here

 Find out if there are any skeletons in his attic

 I have cause It is because I hate him

 Friends joke with one another Hey, you’re poor Hey, your momma’s dead That’s what friends do

 I learned a while back, that if I don’t text  people will not return my calls Um, but now people always return my calls because, they think that something horrible, has happened

 Jim and I are great friends We hang out a ton, mostly at work

 That’s what she said!

 You are as creepy as a real serial killer For real

 I’m not a millionaire I thought I would be by the time I was , but I wasn’t even close Then I thought maybe by , but by , I had less money than I did when I was

 When I discovered YouTube, I didn’t work for five days

 It’s never too early for ice cream

 It’s a good thing Russia doesn’t exist anymore

 Here it is, heart of New York City, Times Square Named for the good times you have when you’re in it

 We’re all homos Homo… Sapiens

 I enjoy having breakfast in bed I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me And since I don’t have a butler, I do it myself So, most nights before I go to bed, I will lay six strips of bacon out on my George Foreman Grill Then I go to sleep When I wake up, I plug in the grill, I go back to sleep again Then I wake up to the smell of crackling bacon

 Toby is in HR, which technically means he works for corporate So he’s not really a part of our family Also, he’s divorced, so he’s not really a part of his family
