For a person you loved deeply, would you be willing to move to a distant country knowing there would be
little chance of seeing your friends or family again?
Do you believe in ghosts or evil spirits? Would you be willing to spend a night alone in a remote house
that is supposedly haunted?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most
regret not having told someone? Why haven't you told them yet?
If you could spend one year in perfect happiness but afterward remember nothing of the experience would
you do so? If not, why not?*
If a new medicine were developed that would cure arthritis but cause a fatal reaction in 1 percent of those
who took it, would you want it be released to the public?
You discover your wonderful one-year-old child is, because of a mixup at the hospital, not yours. Would
you want to exchange the child to try to correct the mistake?
Do you think that the world will be a better or worse place 100 years from now?
Would you rather be a member of a world championship sports team or be the champion of an individual sport? Which sport would you choose?
Would you accept $1,000,000 to leave the country and never set foot in it again?
Which sex do you think has it easier in our culture? Have you ever wished you were of the opposite sex?
You are given the power to kill people simply by thinking of their deaths and twice repeating the word good-bye People would die a natural death and no one would suspect you. Are there any situations in which you would use this power?
If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the body or the mind of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?
What would constitute a perfect evening for you?
Would you rather be extremely successful professionally and have a tolerable yet unexciting private life, or
have an extremely happy private life and only a tolerable and uninspiring professional life?*
Whom do you admire most? In what way does that person inspire you?
If at birth you could select the profession your child would eventually pursue, would you do so?
Would you be willing to become extremely ugly physically if it meant you would live for 1,000 years at
any physical age you chose?*
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one ability or quality, what would it be?
You have the chance to meet soneone with whom you can have the most satisfying love imaginable -- the stuff of dreams. Sadly, you know that in six months the person will die Knowing the pain that would follow,
would you still want to meet the person
and fall in love? What if you knew your lover would not die, but instead would betray you?
If you knew of a way to use your estate, following your death, to greatly benefit humanity, would you do it
and leave only a minimal amount to your family? Do you prefer being around men or women? Do your closest friends tend to be men or women?
If you could use a voodoo doll to hurt anyone you chose, would you?
While on a trip to another city, your spouse (or lover) meets and spends a night with an exciting stranger. Given that they will never meet again, and that you will not otherwise learn of the incident, would you want your partner to tell you about it? If roles were reversed, would you reveal what you had done?*
Are there people you envy enough to want to trade lives with them? Who are they?
For an all-expense-paid, one-week vacation anywhere in the world, would you be willing to kill a beautiful butterfly by pulling off its wings? What about stepping on a cockroach?*
Would you be willing to murder an innocent person if it would end hunger in the world?*
If God appeared to you in a series of vivid and moving dreams and told you to leave everything behind, travel alone to the Red Sea and become a fisherman, what would you do? What if you were told to sacrifice your child?
What is your most treasured memory?
Have you ever hated anyone? If so, why and for how long?
Would you rather be given $10,000 for your own use or $100,000 to give anonymously to strangers? What
you could keep $1,000,000 or give away $20,000,000?
If you knew there would be a nuclear war in one week, what would you do?
Would you accept twenty years of extraordinary happiness and fulfillment if it meant you would die at the end of the period?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life? Is there anything you hope to do that is even better?
What was your most enjoyable dream? your worst nightmare?
Would you give up half of what you now own for a pill that would permanently change you so that one hour of sleep each day would fully refresh you?*
If you knew you could devote yourself to any single occupation-- music, writing, acting, business, politics, medicine, etc. -- and be among the best and most successful in the world at it, what would you choose? If you knew you had only a 10 percent
chance of being so successful, would you still put in the effort?
What was your best experience with drugs or alcohol? your worst experience?
If you went to a dinner party and were offered a dish you had never tried, would you want to taste it even if it sounded strange and not very appealing?
Do your close friends tend to be older or younger than you?*
If the person you were engaged to marry had an accident and became a paraplegic, would you go through with the marriage or back out of it?
Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire; after saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be?
How would you react if you were to learn that your mate had had a lover of the same sex before you knew each other?*
When were you last in a fight? What caused it and who won?
You are offered $1,000,000 for the following act: Before you are ten pistols -- only one of which is loaded. You must pick up one of the pistols, point it at your forehead, and pull the trigger. If you can walk
away you do so a millionaire Would you accept the risk?
Someone very close to you is in pain, paralyzed, and will die within a month. He begs you to give him poison so that he can die Would you? What if it were your Father?*
When did you last sing to yourself? to someone else?
You have the power to go any distance into the future and, after one year, return to the present with any knowledge you have gained from your experience but with no physical objects. Would you make the journy if it carried a 50 percent risk of death?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as your dinner guest? as your close friend? as your lover?*
While parking late at night, you slightly scrape the side of a Porsche You are certain no one else is aware of what happened. The damage is minor and would not be covered by insurance Would you leave a note?
If you could choose the manner of your death, what would it be?*
Do you have any specific long-term goals? What is one and how do you plan on reaching it?*
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
How do you react when people sing Happy Birthday to you in a restaurant?
What is the worst psychological torture you can imagine suffering? Anything causing even minor physical injury should not be considered.
Would you like your spouse to be both smarter and more attractive than you?
If you found that a good friend had AIDS, would you avoid him? What if your brother or sister had it?
Would you be willing to give up sex for one year if you knew it would give you a much deeper sense of peace than you have now?
A good friend pulls of a well-conceived practical joke that plays on one of your foibles and makes you look ridiculous. How would you react?*
By controlling medical research funds, you are in the position to guarantee that a cure will be found in 15 years for any disease you choose Unfortunately, no progress on any others would be made during that period. Would you target one disease?
Would you add one year to your life if it meant taking one year from the life of someone in the world selected at random? Would it matter if you were told whose life you had shortened?
Can you urinate in front of another person?
If you walked out of your house one morning and saw a bird with a broken wing huddled in some nearby bushes, what would you do?
Assume there were a technological breakthrough that would allow people to travel as easily and cheaply between continents as between nearby cities. Unfortunately, there would also be 100,000 deaths a year from the device Would you try to prevent its use?*
You and a person you love deeply are placed in separate rooms with a button next to each of you. You know that you will both be killed unless one of you presses your button before 60 minutes pass; furthermore, the first to press the button will save the other person, but will immediately be killed. What do you think you
would do?
When you tell a story, do you often exaggerate or embellish it? If so, why?
Do you feel that advice from older people carries a special weigh because of their greater experience?*
Without your kidney as a transplant, someone close to you will die within one month. The odds that you will survive the operation are only 50 percent, but should you survive you would be certain of normal life expectancy. Would you consent to the operation?*
When has your life dramatically changed as the result of some seemingly random external influence? How
much do you feel in control of the course of your life?*
If a friend were almost always late, would you resent it or simply allow for it? Can you be counted on to be on time?
When did you last yell at someone? Why? Did you later regret it?
Would you be willing to have horrible nightmares every night for a year if you would be rewarded with extraordinary wealth?
If you could have free, unlimited service for five years from an extremely good cook, chauffeur, housekeeper, masseuse, or personal secretary, which would you choose?
Would you be willing to go to a slaughterhouse and kill a cow?
Do you eat meat?
Would you enjoy spending a month of solitude in a beautiful natural settings? Food and shelter would be provided but you would not see another person.
After a medical examination, your doctor calls and gravely says you have a rare lymphatic cancer and only a few months to live Five days later, she informs you that the lab tests were mislabeled; you are perfectly healthy. Forced for a moment to look death in the face, you have been allowed to turn and go on. During those difficult days you would certainly have gained some insights about yourself. Do you think they would be worth the pain?
One hot summer afternoon, while walking through a parking lot at a large shopping center, you notice a dog suffering badly from the heat inside a locked car. What would you do?
Do you feel ill at ease going alone to either dinner or a movie? What about going on a vacation by yourself?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living?
For $20,000 would you go for three months without washing, brushing your teeth, or using deodorant? Assume you could not explain your reasons to anyone, and that there would be no long-term effect on your career.
Would you rather die peacefully among friends at age 50, or painfull and alone at age 80? Assume that most of the last 30 years would be good ones.
If you were to discovere that your closest friend was a heroin dealer, what would you do?
Is it easy for you to accept help when you need it? Will you ask for help?
If you were helping to raise money for a charity and someone agreed to make a large contribution if you would perform at the upcoming fund-raising show, would you? If so, what would you like to perform? Assume the show would have an audience of about 1,000.
Would you have one of your fingers surgically removed if it somehow guaranteed immunity from all major diseases?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
How do you picture your funeral? Is it important for you to have people mourn your death?*
Which of the following restrictions could you best tolerate: leaving the country permanently, or never leaving the state in which you now live?
You, your closest friend, and your father are on vacation together, hiking in a remote jungle Your two companions stumble into a nest of poisonous vipers and are bitten repeatedly. You know that neither will live without an immediate shot of anti-venom, yet there is only a single dose of anti-venom and it is in your pocket. What would you do?
Where would you choose to be if you could place yourself anywhere on a scale from one to ten, where one is hardship, struggle, and extraordinary accomplishment and ten is comfort, peace of mind, and no accomplishment. Why? Where are you now?
If you could choose the sex and physical appearance of your soon-to-be-born child, would you do it?*
Would you rather play a game with someone more or less talented than you? Would it matter who was watching?
Is there something you've dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven't you done it?*
While in the government, you discover the President is commiting extortion and other serious crimes. By exposing the situation you might bring about the President's downfall, but your career would be destroyed because you would be framed, fired, and
publicly humiliated on other matters. Knowing you would vindicated five years later, would you blow the whistle? What if you knew you would never be vindicated?
On a busy street you are approached apologetically by a well-dressed stranger who asks you for a dollar to catch a bus and make a phone call. He says he has lost his wallet. What would you do? If approached in the same way by a haggard-looking stranger claiming to be hungry and unable to find a job, what would you do?
If by sacrificing your life you could contribute so much to the world that you would be honored in all nations, would you be willing to do so? If so, would you make the same sacrifice knowing that someone you thoroughly disliked would receive the honor while you went unrecognized?
Knowing you had a 50 percent chance of winning and would be paid 10 times the amount of your bet if you won, what fraction of what you now own would you be willing to wager?
What are your most compulsive habits? Do you regularly struggle to break these habits?
You know you will die of an incurable disease within three months. Would you allow yourself to be frozen within the week if you knew it would give you a modest chance of being revived in 1,000 years and living a greatly extended life?
You are driving late at night in a safe but deserted neighborhood when a dog suddenly darts in front of your car. Though you slam on the breaks, you hit the animal. Would you stop to see how injured the animal was? If you did so and found that the dog was dead but had a name tag, would you contact the owner?
What do you ost strive for in your life: accomplishment, security, love, power, excitement, knowledge, or something else?

An eccentric millionaire offers to donate a large sum to charity if you will step -- completely naked -- from a car onto a busy downtown street, walk four blocks, and climb back into the car. Knowing that there would be no danger of physics abuse, would you do it?*

How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people's?*

Does the fact that you have never done something before increase or decrease its appeal to you?

Would you be willing to give up sex for five years if you could have wonderfully sensual and erotic dreams any night you wished?

At a meal, your friends start belittling a common acquaintance If you felt their criticisms were unjustified, would you defend the person?

Do you usually make a special effort to thank someone who does you a favor? How do you react when you aren't thanked for going out of your way for someone?

Would you like to have your rate of physics aging slowed by a factor of thirty so as to give you a life expectancy of about 2,000 years?*

You are invited to a party that will be attended by many fascinating people you've never met. Would you want to go if you had to go by yourself?

Since adolescence, in what three-year period do you feel you experienced the most personal growth and change?

If you were having difficulty on an important test and could safely cheat by looking at someone else's paper, would you do so?*

If you parents became infirm and the only alternative to bringing them into your home was to put them in a nursing home, would you do so? What about a sister or brother who suffered a permanently crippling injury and -- other than your home -- had nowhere to go but a convalescent home?

If you were at a friend's house for Thanksgiving dinner and you found a dead cockroach in your salad, what would you do?

If you could take a one-month trip anywhere in the world and money were not a consideration, where would you go and what would you do?

Would you be willing to reduce your life expectancy by five years to become extremely attractive?

Given the ability to project yourself into the past but not return, would you do so? Where would you go and what would you try to accomplish if you knew you might change the course of history?*

How many different sexual partners have you had in your life? Would you prefer to have had more or fewer?

Have you ever considered suicide? What is so important to you that without it life would not be worth living?

If your friends and acquaintances were willing to bluntly and honestly tell you what they really thought of you, would you want them to?*

If this country were to suffer an unprovoked nuclear attack and would be totally obliterated in a matter of minutes, would you favor unleashing the U.S. nuclear arsenal upon the attackers?

Would you accept $10,000 to shave your head and continue your normal activities sans hat or wig without explaining the reason for your haircut?

Were you able to wake up tomorrow in the body of someone else, would you do so? Whom would you pick?

If you were happily married, and then met someone you felt was certain to always bring you deeply passionate, intoxicating love, would you leave your spouse? What if you had kids?

When you do something ridiculous, how much does it bother you to have other people notice it and laugh at you?

Who is the most important person in your life? What could you do to improve the relationship? Willyou ever do it?

Assuming that complete recovery were instantaneous, would you be willing to accept a year of complete paralysis below the neck to prevent the otherwise certain extinction of the blue whale?*

Do you believe in capital punishment? Would you be willing to execute a man sentenced to death by the courts if you were selected by lot to do so and he would go free if you refused? Assume you know no details of the trial.

If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?*

You are at a lake with some friends; the sun is warm and the water is cold. Going into the water would temporarily chill you but you know that later the warm sun would be even more enjoyable and you would be glad you had gone in. Would you take the plunge?
Do you believe in any sort of God? If not, do you think you might still pray if you were in a life-threatening situation?
While out one day, you are surprised to see your mother holding hands with someone who is clearly her lover. She notices you, runs over, and begs you not to say anything to your father. How would you respond? What would you do if your father later told you that he was going crazy because he kept thinking your mother was having an affair yet knew it was just his imagination?
If 100 people your age were chosen at random, how many do you think you'd find leading a more satisfying life than yours?
If you went to a beach and it turned out to be a nude beach, would you stay and go swimming? Would you swim nude?*
Have you had satisfying sex within the last three months?
Would it disturb you much if, upon your death, your body were simply thrown into the woods and left to rot? Why?
Which would you prefer: a wild, turbulent life filled with joy, sorrow, passion, and adventure -- intoxicating successes and stunning setbacks; or a happy, secure, predictable life surrounded by friends and family without such wide swings of fortune and mood?
If you knew your child would be severely retarted and would die by the age of five, would you decide to have an abortion?*
Do you find it so hard to say 'no' that you regularly do favors you do not want to do? If so, why?
If you began to be very attracted to somneone of another race, how would your behavior differ from what it would be toward someone of your own race?
Would you rather spend a month on vacation with your parents or put in overtime at your current job for four weeks without extra compensation?
Would you like to know the precise date of your death?*
Would you accept a guaranteed, lifetime allowance of $50,000 per year (adjusted annually for inflation) if accepting it meant that you could never again earn money from either work or investments?*
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
Do you ever spit or pick your nose in public? What about cleaning your teeth with a toothpick?
A close friend asks -- and genuinely wants -- your opinion about something, but your opinion is one that he is likely to find quite painful. For example, your friend is an artist and asks your honest estimate of his chances of being successful. You think he is an atrocious artist who hasn't the slightest chance of success. What would you do?
Do you have a favorite sexual fantasy? Would you like to have it fulfilled?
If you knew a thermonuclear holocaust would occur in precisely 20 years and no one would survive it, how would you change your present life?
When did you last cry in front of another person? by yourself?
